Leaving Windows behind? Your Edge can come with you. The live EdgeHub dashboard moves between System, Focus, and Glance screens.
The front-facing display turns smoothly from landscape to portrait while the real Hub reflows.
The camera pulls back from the portrait Hub to reveal EdgeHub Manager showing the matching portrait preview on a separate desktop monitor.
Manager changes the orientation to landscape. The Hub turns smoothly and Manager returns to the matching landscape preview.
Selecting screens in Manager changes the screen shown on the Hub.
Manager adds a new screen. The Hub immediately opens the empty screen.
Manager adds a CPU widget and changes the screen to two columns. Both changes appear live.
Manager opens Look and selects the Aurora Edge theme.
The Manager switches to dark mode, then a purple accent appears on both the preview and Hub.
Device settings show the fixed landscape orientation and automatic update preference.
Your favorite features. Your chosen OS. Custom development, built around the way you work.
Build your Edge with EdgeHub for Linux. Tested on CachyOS, based on Arch Linux, with KDE Plasma on Wayland.